“Sir, there’s no guarantee, that this would work….”
“There’s no time left, we’ve already lost so much in trying to get this far.”
“It’s our only hope. For the Resistance. For you. For me. For the future of our kind.”
“I didn’t lose my wife and daughter for nothing. There’s no turning back now!”
“Huh…? Where am I..? How’d I get here….?”
“Who’s that…?”
“Ugghhh….”
“He’s woken up...”
 “About time” (scoffs)
“Stop being so inconsiderate!” 
 “Tch...”
“Ughhhh...where am I? My head hurts..”
“We don’t know either, each of us woke up here the same way that you did” 
(looks around, and notices the group around him. A young teenage girl. A little boy and what looks like his granddad. A young delinquent with tattoos. A nervous looking teenage boy. And, a meek, young woman).
“....Hold on...do you know each other?”
(All the characters shrug their shoulders, look down at the floor, or stare into space with a blank expression)
“Hmm...there seems to be a walkway down the corridor...has anyone gone by there?”
(silence envelopes the surrounding)
“We might as well take a look around. We’ve got nowhere to go after all” 
“Wait...since when were you in charge of us?!”
“Shut it! It’s not like we have much of a choice here, now do we?”
“Hmph”
(The group proceeds deeper into what seems to be a dungeon, and they stumble into a large hallway)
(screams) “What is that…?” (points at a large wall at the end of the room)
(The whole group stops and stares at the wall. It appears to be horribly tainted and a message seems to have been left behind. It looks like it had been written in blood. “Trust No One” it says.)
“Trust…...no...one?” (The boy looks confused)
(The rest of the group seem to recoil in shock)
“HE SET US US UP! IT WAS DEFINITELY HIM!” (Dio screams pointing at Sigma)
“Calm down! I’m pretty sure we’re all as shaken as you are”
“NO! I’M NOT GOING TO GIVE IN TO YOU” *Dio storms off towards the end of the room, and turns left into a narrow corridor*
“Wait! Hold up!”
(Clover & Delta appear to be quite shaken and scared)
“Let’s all calm down and try to regroup. The message could have very well been left to disorient us like how it did just now”
“Agreed” 
(The group seems to nod in unison)
“Our priority right now is to escape from here, and I’m pretty sure that’s what we all want. So, let’s work together and find a way out.”
(Clover looks up at Sigma with a relieved look. The rest of the group seems to have calmed down as well)
“For starters, why don’t we walk down the corridor that Dio took? We didn’t notice it until he ran towards it.”
(The group walks down the corridor, and arrives at another fork with three doors. The doors seem to be labelled….Laboratory….Kitchen…...Infirmary. The door to the laboratory seems to have been opened)
“We might as well split up here, there’s no point in all of us exploring each room together.”
“Agreed”
“I’ll take Delta and go down to the Kitchen and see if there are any supplies that might be useful to us.”
“I’ll go down to the infirmary, There might be a phone or something that’ll allow us to make contact with the outside world.”
“I’ll come with you, Phi.”
“We can assume that Dio went to the laboratory”
“Where will you go?”
Make your choice. 
“I’ll come with you to the infirmary”
*nods in approval*
(Sigma,Clover & Phi walk down to the infirmary. It seems to be completely trashed. There’s a worn-out bed, a couple of surgical-looking equipment, a lot of old paper, and many colored vials)
“There doesn’t seem to be a phone or anything of use here”
“....What’s that?” (points at a cabinet with an unusual number of warning labels)
“Huh?” (opens it to reveal a canister filled with many small green vials, pulls one out.) “Sophoril....? What’s this for….?”
(reads the label) “Caution : This drug is purely experimental, and is to be used only when infected with [redacted]. Side effects unknown”
(As Sigma reads the label, there is a loud cranking sound that seemed to come from the laboratory)
“WHAT WAS THAT?”
(The group runs to the laboratory to find Dio walking towards a large steel door, that appeared to have just been opened. He’s holding a bag that seems to contain many little canisters of who-knows-what)
(Sees Sigma, Clover & Phi) “EEEEE-KKK. Oh well, I guess that was quite loud.”
“H-hold on...that bag….those canisters…..so you were with GenericEvilGroupName all along!”
“Tch...this is the best the Resistance can do? They sent an unarmed girl?!”
“....No, not now, not again…..I CAN’T LET YOU LEAVE!”
“It’s too late! It was nice knowing y’all but I have a future to secure hehehehe”
“STOP HIM!”
(Dio runs through, and the door shuts. It appears to be bolted shut)
A siren starts blaring accompanied by a mechanical voice. 
“SELF DESTRUCT SEQUENCE INITIATED. One minute remaining……..”
A few moments pass and the surroundings are enveloped in a blinding flash of light.

“I’m hungry!”
“Just be patient, little one. We’ll probably find something to eat in the kitchen.
(The group makes their way to the kitchen)
“Oh look, there’s some food in the cabinet here, and its relatively new! Help yourselves, but leave some for the others too.”
“Yay! I want those cookies!”
(The group continues to snack on some of the food while exploring the kitchen)
“D-E-A-C-T-I-V-A-T-E”
Sigma finds a red switch under the counter, with a label on top, seemingly reading “Deactivate”
“Huh….I wonder what this means. It seems to be disabled right now…”
“AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH”
(A scream appears to have come from the Infirmary. The group rushes over)
Upon entering the infirmary, the group is struck with a horrendous sight. Clover is curled up and shivering in a corner of the room pointing at the center of the room. In the center lies a large blood-stained shard of glass...and Phi’s corpse.
“....W-what...happened here…..?”
“I-It w-w-was Dio. H-he threatened t-to k-kill Phi i-if s-she d-didn’t h-hand o-over t-the canister…”
“What are you talking abou-?”
Sigma is interrupted by a loud crank and a thud. The noise is followed by static and then a siren with a mechanical voice.
“SELF DESTRUCT SEQUENCE INITIATED. One minute remaining……..”
A few moments pass and the surroundings are enveloped in a blinding flash of light.

“I’ll go down to the laboratory, maybe I can find Dio there and convince him to work with us instead of trying so hard to be a lone wolf wonder”
(Sigma goes down to the laboratory)
The laboratory seems to be much more sinister than imagined. There are several machines with some sort of fluid running through them, and at the center of all of it is Dio*
Hey! Dio! Are you alright?”
“Huh? What are you doing here? Haven’t you been taught to mind your own business?”
“What do you mean? You just abandoned the rest of the group and ran off!”
“I have no obligation to stick with the rest of you - how hard is it for you to comprehend that!?”
“Listen. The only way we can get out of here is if we work together. Working against each other isn’t going to help anyone.”
“Tch. You really are so full of shit, aren’t you?”
(Dio picks up a transparent bag with a large canister that seems to be full of weird looking vials)
“What is that?”
“HAVEN’T I TOLD YOU? ITS NONE OF YOUR BUSINESS!!”
(Sigma walks towards Dio)
“STAY BACK! FOR ONCE, CAN YOU STOP TRYING TO BE A HERO? YOU’RE NOT SAVING ANYONE HERE!!”
(Dio runs forward and stabs Sigma in the shoulder with some of automated syringe. It seems to be filled with the same fluid as in the vials)
“AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHH!!!!”
(Sigma doubled down in pain, clutching at his shoulder. Diomakes  Tenmyouji & Delta storm in, seemingly after hearing the scream. Clover & Phi follow)
(sees the rest of the group) “EEEEE-KKK. Oh well, I guess that was quite loud.”
“H-hold on...that bag….those canisters…..so you were with GenericEvilGroupName all along!”
“Tch...this is the best the Resistance can do? They sent an unarmed girl?!”
“....No, not now, not again…..I CAN’T LET YOU LEAVE!”
“It’s too late! It was nice knowing y’all but I have a future to secure hehehehe”
(Dio runs through, and the door shuts. It appears to be bolted shut)
“Ugghhhhh….”
*The group rushes towards A, but he seems to be fading…”
An siren starts blaring accompanied by a mechanical voice. 
“SELF DESTRUCT SEQUENCE INITIATED. One minute remaining……..””
“Huh?”
A few moments pass and the surroundings are enveloped in a blinding flash of light.
“I’ll go down to the laboratory, maybe I can find Diothere and convince him to work with us instead of trying so hard to be a lone wolf wonder”
(Sigma goes down to the laboratory)
The laboratory seems to be much more sinister than imagined. There are several machines with some sort of fluid running through them, and at the center of all of it is Dio*
Hey! Dio! Are you alright?”
“Huh? What are you doing here? Haven’t you been taught to mind your own business?”
“What do you mean? You just abandoned the rest of the group and ran off!”
“I have no obligation to stick with the rest of you - how hard is it for you to comprehend that!?”
“Listen. The only way we can get out of here is if we work together. Working against each other isn’t going to help anyone.”
“Tch. You really are so full of shit, aren’t you?”
(Dio picks up a transparent bag with a large canister that seems to be full of weird looking vials)
“What is that?”
“HAVEN’T I TOLD YOU? ITS NONE OF YOUR BUSINESS”
(Sigma walks towards Dio)
“STAY BACK! FOR ONCE, CAN YOU STOP TRYING TO BE A HERO? YOU’RE NOT SAVING ANYONE HERE!!”
(Dio runs forward and stabs Sigma in the shoulder with some of automated syringe. It seems to be filled with the same fluid as in the vials)
“AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHH!!!!”
(Sigma doubled down in pain, clutching at his shoulder. Tenmyouji & Delta storm in, seemingly after hearing the scream. Clover & Phi follow)
(sees the rest of the group) “EEEEE-KKK. Oh well, I guess that was quite loud"
“H-hold on...that bag….those canisters…..so you were with GenericEvilGroupName all along!”
“Tch...this is the best the Resistance can do? They sent an unarmed girl?!”
(Sigma feels a sharp spark through his head and suddenly jolts up and tries to balance himself on a single elbow)
“The….kitchen! Someone…..the switch….under the counter….”
“Huh? Switch?
“GO! NOW!” 
(Clover runs to the kitchen)
(Dio runs through, and the door shuts. It appears to be bolted shut)
“Ugghhhhh….”
An siren starts blaring accompanied by a mechanical voice. 
"SELF DESTRUCT SEQUENCE INITIATED. One minute remaining..."
“Huh?!”
The siren stops. 
“EMERGENCY OVERRIDE ACTIVATED. SELF DESTRUCT SEQUENCE ABORTED.”
(Sigma collapses in relief. He’s still breathing heavily.)
(The rest of the group is still confused as to what just happened. They rush towards A, still dazed)
“Hey! What was that just now! What happened to you!?”
(Sigma feels another spark go through his head)
“Infirmary….antidote….please….”
“Wait a moment, don’t tell me... you’re also a….never mind, I’ll be right back”
(Phi darts off and returns in a few moments holding a green vial)
Sigma musters what remains of his strength and chugs it down immediately. In a few moments, he seems to be breathing normally.
(Clover returns. She sees Sigma and the rest of the group and seems to be at ease)
“What just happened? Who is Dio? Who is GenericEvilGroupName? Who are the Resistance? And, most importantly, how did you know about the switch and the antidote, Sigma?”
(Phi looks very uncomfortable)
“I don’t know...I seemed to just know it...It’s almost like I’ve been there in some other life...what am I even saying…”
“You’re an esper and you seem to be from the future. Like me.”
(Everyone seems to be confused, but doesn’t say anything)
“What do you mean...the future? Is this some sort of game?”
“In the world where I come from, half of humanity has been wiped out by a deadly virus. Its the same one that Sigma was infected with just now. It’s an artificial virus that was developed around this time by a radical organisation called GenericEvilGroupName. No one knows what their aims are, but it was at around this time that the virus entered the atmosphere. It starts with rapid breathing and it slowly drives its victim insane. They would often kill themselves in seek of salvation."
"Pretty soon the bodies started to pile up. Some people would take a dive off a building or shoot themselves in the head. You know, the classics. "
"But for some it was poison, or fire, or asphyxiation, or the noose... Plenty of people jumped in front of trains or cars. One pilot on a passenger airline drove his plane into the ground. Most forms of transportation ground to a halt pretty fast. That meant food couldn't get distributed, and thousands of people who weren't even infected died from starvation"
"Everywhere you went there were just... piles of corpses, covered in flies and rats and crows. I don't know what Hell's like, but I imagine it's a lot like that. Only a few of us managed to stay secluded from the virus."
"We were called the Resistance, and my father was the leader of the group. He was a pure genius and a pioneering quantum physicist who was working on a way to transport a person’s consciousness back in time to stop the calamity from ever happening."
"However, he caught the infection and died, while I was still a young child. His peers managed to finish his work, and sent me to fulfill my father’s legacy, so here I am today”
“But. GenericEvilGroupName seemed to have caught wind of our plans, and sent Dio to stop us. I’m still not sure, why or how all of you got here or who trapped us here in the first place, but it seems like we aren’t the only ones who found a means of travelling across time”
(Phi points at Sigma)
“You! I don’t know where you’ve come from, but you’re definitely not from this timeline. I sensed it the moment I saw you. Where are you from? Who are you allied with?"
“I dont know…..I can’t remember….”
“Hmmm...it doesn’t matter anymore...the future is as good as ruined anyways. I’ve failed and there’s no way for me to go back to my own timeline now…”
(Everyone looks down in a mix of shock, confusion and sadness)
“Umm...I still don’t understand how any of this works or if it’s even real...but I believe you. I think that there’s still some hope out there.”
“Hmph…”
“Yeah, I agree with Clover. There is still a chance out there somewhere. I still don’t know why I am here, but maybe it was to help you! We’ll figure something out. But for now, can someone help me up?”
Phi and Clover grabs Sigma’s arms and try to help him up. As they help him up, all three of them seem to have been hit with a violent spark. They blank out for a few seconds, before all of a sudden, Sigma embraces both of them. Clover & Phi seem to be momentarily confused, but in a second, tears start to roll down all of their faces.
“I thought I lost both of you!”
“.....Sigma….?”
“.....Dad…?”
Somewhere in the cosmos, multiple timelines began to converge, as a family that was once split across space and time seemed to be reunited in a world unknown.